Week 1 
Reviewed timeline and details of the project, looked through all avaliable projects.
Group formed. 
Decided on Recipe Maker for the project.
Established coding strengths of the group and discussed what software tools, languages and libraries we might use.
Brainstormed some key issues that we might come across for the project.
Joined group Jira, and created a google doc for the proposal.
Wrote some user stories based on the basic project spec.

Week 2 
Created GitHub group.
Explored similar existing recipe reccomendation systems given in project spec
Wrote more user stories based on some additional functionality we could possibly implement.
As I had not done any coding in a while, spent time reviewing past courses and projects before we start coding.
Particularly in Python and Networks
Also reviewed basic git skills required. 

Week 3
Continued reviewing programming langauages for the project especially Flask
Found other existing system for recipe reccomendation explorer
Reviewed pros and cons on each system for the proposal
Planned to finish proposal this week and start with skeleton and schema for project but took longer than expected
Wrapped up proposal and planned to meet again tomorrow night to establish more concrete skeleton and architecture
so we can get started coding.

Week 4
Continued revision on SQL, planed to establish skeleton and schema for the project
However a combination and other work commitments and catching a really bad flu 
put me out of commission for a couple of days. As cited in the retrospective, 
this combined with the out of sync schedules caused an imbalance of work loads.
Began formulating schema and simple required functions for next demo.

Week 5
Ran into trouble setting up project on vlab and ssh VScode
Set up programming environment on home laptop
Setup python, postgresql, and git cloning project
However still could not fully set up working environment
Researched articles on Flask and SQL Alchemy
Began coding for second sprint with respect to DB models

Week 6
With the flexible week, unfortunately I feel very sick, little progress on the project was made
Other members of the group were primarily occupied by other courses.
Drafted psuedo code for recipe + ingredients and relationship models.

Week 7
Began writing skeleton code to meet basic functionality for demo B.
Realised witht he team that a few more details needed to be ironed out as to how we
would implement the project in particular reference to how a user would input information
and storage in database. Realised I needed to touch base with flask_blueprint and flast_jwt
packages for the project. Also plan on writing some basic backend tests. 
Defined required views to connect backend to frontend
